Q) What is Emmet?

=> emmet allows you to type shortcut that are then expanded inti full piece code.

Q) Difference between a Library and Framework?
=> A framework is a set of pre-written code that provides a structure for developing software applications. A library, on the other hand, is a collection of pre-written code that can be used to perform specific tasks.

Q) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
=> CDN stand for content delivery network, it is basically a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for data-heavy applications.

Q) Why is React known as React?
=> React is one of many libraries and it's completely frontend and specializes in things that the user interacts with when they're using a website. This could be buttons, search bars and menus. “And it's called React because it reacts.

Q) What is crossorigin in script tag?
=> The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

Q) What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
=>React library is responsible for creating views and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser.

Q) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
=>
react.development.js:
This file is meant for development purposes.
It includes additional warnings and debugging information that can be helpful during development and debugging.
It is larger in size compared to the production version, which means it takes longer to download and parse.
Including this version of React is recommended during development to take advantage of the helpful error messages and warnings it provides, which can aid in identifying and fixing issues in your code.

react.production.js:
This file is optimized for production use.
It excludes development-specific warnings and debugging information, making it smaller in size and more efficient.
It is the version you should use in a production environment to ensure the best performance and minimize the size of your JavaScript bundle.

Q) What is async and defer?
=>Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. Defer means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading. 
